let's look at how the situation in raah
has changed covering around 65 Square
kilm raah was inhabited by about
275,000 people before Israel launched
its war on Gaza but repeated Force
displacement swell that to 1 and a half
million that's the same population as
Munich in Germany that's nearly 5 times
as large at 300 Square
km these images show tense and
displacement camps now filling
previously empty areas as well as
Gardens and other spaces between homes
the Israeli Army ordered Palestinians to
leave the eastern part of Raa and head
to the eloi area an estimated 100,000
people are now Sheltering there but it's
only 6 and a half square kilom and has
little
infrastructure the Israeli military
sealed off the only exit from Gaza when
it took over the Raa border crossing
trapping Palestinians
inside make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer